---
date: 2017-03-01 18:00 PST
layout: post
---
- Solution Authoring Workspace (SAW) update
- Email notifications
- Simplification of the Azure ML Web Service provisioning step
- Introducing documentation
- Server-side markdown rendering
- Bug fixes

<!--more-->

### Solution Authoring Workspace (SAW) update

SAW is now integrated into CIQS as a first-class feature. In-browser and native *(alpha preview)* experiences are available. For more detailed information, refer to [Getting started]({{ site.baseurl }}/getting-started.html)

### Email notifications

Customers will start receiving notification emails whenever their deployments complete. This feature is currently being tested and may be temporarily inactive at times. Notifications are sent for successful and failed deployments.

### Simplification of the Azure ML Web Service provisioning step

Previously, **&lt;AzureMlWebService&gt;** provisioning step required providing **PackageUrl** and **EntityId**:

``` html
<AzureMlWebService hiddenParameters ="true">
  <GalleryUrl>https://gallery.cortanaintelligence.com/Details/predictive-mini-twitter-sentiment-analysis-experiment-1</GalleryUrl>
  <PackageUrl>https://storage.azureml.net/directories/5067590f26d5412ebf2220a1dacb0f22/items</PackageUrl>
  <EntityId>Predictive-Experiment-Mini-Twitter-sentiment-analysis-2</EntityId>
</AzureMlWebService>
```
Now, only **GalleryUrl** is necessary. *Syntax sugar is getting sweeter!*
```xml
<AzureMlWebService hiddenParameters ="true">
  <GalleryUrl>https://gallery.cortanaintelligence.com/Details/predictive-mini-twitter-sentiment-analysis-experiment-1</GalleryUrl>
</AzureMlWebService>
```

### Introducing documentation

Launching this site. We will be gradually populating it with useful documentation related to solution authoring. It will also contain regularly updated release notes like this one.

### Server-side markdown rendering

This is internal to the framework and should be of no consequence to users and solution authors. **Only safe-mode markdown is currently supported.**
