--- 
date: 2017-04-06 18:00 PST
layout: post
published: true
---
- Solution self-publishing
- Legacy deployments backfill
- Performance improvements for the Deployments page
- Bug fixes
- What's broken?

<!--more-->

### Solution self-publishing

Custom solutions and associated "Try It Now" dashboards can now be published directly into CIQS gallery by their respective authors.

[Detailed description]({{ site.baseurl }}/solution-publishing.html).

### Legacy deployments backfill

777 successful existing deployments in PROD relied on gallery metadata. These deployments were subject to breaking upon modification of their corresponding solutions in the gallery. We performed a backfill to ensure integrity of such solutions moving forward.

| Solution ID            | Backfilled|
| ---------------------- |:-------:|
|streamanalysiswithml    |      164|
|edwspark                |      103|
|campaignmanagement      |      75 |
|anomalydetectionpcs     |      62 |
|hospital                |      58 |
|nyrides                 |      53 |
|anomalydetectionpcsv2   |      46 |
|datasciencevm           |      42 |
|telcocustomerchurn      |      21 |
|sqldatawarehouse        |      19 |
|datalakebasicanalytics  |      19 |
|streamanalysis          |      19 |
|linuxdatasciencevm      |      15 |
|manufacturing           |      13 |
|sawweb                  |      12 |
|azuresearch             |      10 |
|realtimefeaturization   |       8 |
|datalakeaml             |       7 |
|avhivedw                |       7 |
|telcorealtime           |       6 |
|adfdocdb                |       5 |
|asadocdb                |       5 |
|multistep               |       3 |
|edwhive                 |       2 |
|mlwebsvc                |       1 |
|sqldatawarehouseaml     |       1 |
|energysupplyopt         |       1 |

### Performance improvements for the Deployments page

As part of the backfill, we also performed a cleanup and data migration that resulted in a significant (order of maginitude) performance improvement when loading the list of deployments. This will particularly be noticeable to owners of accounts with high deployment activity.

### Bug fixes
- session expiration notification is now dismissible
- occasional empty error messages in the project details page are removed
- formatting issues caused by invalid error messages are fixed (by using Markdown instead of raw HTML)
- disabling new port names generation when deploying Azure ML Web services (via `generateNewPortNames=false`)

### What's broken?

The bug fix related to Azure ML Web service port name generation caused regressions in several solutions that relied on the old behavior. We are working on mitigating the issue.